To-do:

Do at least 1 full game session so we can be the first world in the archive.

Telegram cucarachita sticker pack.

How to do an easter egg of other worlds?

Iblis Dwells a Line: Opportunity high paying full time remote job.
Militarized futures: Input some references into the authorithatian setting generation
Ktown: One of the characters is a Ktown modder
Alice Guo: Job offer from click farm?

Offer:
Stickers, logo, description

INTRO:
Add cucarachitas to initial screen

SLIDESHOW:
Style for dialogues from friend
Style for emphasis on important words.

Call in the chat for who wants to be in the list of friends for the intro.

Introduce settings image.

PARTICIPANTS:
Add optional field with intentions, text can be hidden. Others should be mandatory for submition. 
Do an AI call to define one of the moods for each player and 1 of 4 levels of availability. (With an estimation of hours per week)

Make new cumbia or urban / city ambient for intro and setting.
Make more songs, slow, detuned, weird car honk corridos reguetton and cumbia, mix them in a weird mix, coming and going as if walking around in a market.

After at least 2 players have been added, show a new button below the participants list for 'Start your pocas'

When clicking it, we will display the new interface. Prompt the interface before plugging the protocolito.


Dashboard with:

Collective mood
# of Participants

Space & Collective capacities


New Period and Stages template to work with Rok

Period are a hard system
Stages are only crossed with specific thersholds

For each Stage # of NPCs per number of "real" players: 



Introduce protocolito with versioning

Evaluation determines:
Changes in participants' capacity, availability and conditions
which in turn defines mood
Number of participants
Collective capacity


Credits:

Prototype 1 developed in Medialab bla bla 
Made-up roles?

Collaborative AI prompt engineeer


For presentation:

Teasing more, explaining less.

Invoke the vibe of the pocas pluriverse, introduce the game only for its goals in vibe-y way. Trigger imagination. 

(preview images)
use MORE cucarachitas

Intro video and fast first round?

Joel:
Personal Lore:
Personal ambitions? Personal intentions? Room for antagonism.







